Caverns by Gestalt
http://nwvault.ign.com/View.php?view=Hakpaks.Detail&id=1228


                           Gestalt Caverns tileset
                            by John "Gestalt" Bye

   This is an expansion to BioWare's standard Mines & Caverns tileset,
   adding two new terrain types - lava and pit. All of the textures used
   are standard BioWare ones, and only the necessary tiles have been
   modified, keeping the file size nice and low.
   I've also included three new flame placeables. These are identical to
   the standard BioWare ones, except that they no longer cast any light
   and the scorch marks have been removed from under them, making them
   suitable for placing on lava surfaces.
   Finally there's a demo module showing the tileset in action, with flame
   placeables, sound effects and lighting set up as described in the
   "Adding Atmosphere" section of this readme file. Just load this up in
   Neverwinter Nights as normal and run around to get a feel for the
   tileset.

                  How To Use The Tileset In Your Own Module

   1 - Open up your module and select Module Properties from the Edit
   menu. Click on the Custom Content tab at the far right and then use the
   drop down list at the bottom of that page to select the hak pack
   "gestaltcaves". Once you've selected it, click on the Add button next
   to the list.
   2 - Click OK, and a warning message will pop up telling you that "you
   are about to change the list of Hak Files used by this module". Click
   Yes to continue, and a "Build Module" window should pop up with
   (hopefully) the message "no errors found" in the results box.
   3 - Click Done. Congratulations - you have now added the Gestalt Caves
   hak pack to your module!
   4 - Create a new area and select Mines & Caverns from the list of
   tilesets. To make sure that everything is working properly, place some
   "Pit" and "Lava" terrain in this new area and see what happens.

                              Adding Atmosphere

   Lighting - To get the most out of the tileset, make your cave areas
   fairly dark and then set the light separately for individual tiles. A
   mixture of the first four colours of the bottom row of the tile
   lighting palette should give you that authentic lava glow for magma
   areas, while the blues are good for watery areas and browns tend to
   work well for pits. Use your imagination though, and feel free to
   experiment with different colour schemes.
   Placeables - The new flame placeables included in the hak pack are
   designed to be placed on the surface of the lava to make it look more
   intimidating. First select one of the standard flames in the Visual
   Effects section of the placeables palette and right click on it, then
   select Edit Copy. Click on the Appearance Type drop down list and
   scroll down, and you should see three new models - Flame Large NL,
   Flame Medium NL and Flame Small NL. Choose whichever one you want, give
   your new placeable an easily recognisable name (say, "Large Flame") and
   then click on OK. Do the same for the other two flame models. Now when
   you click on the Custom tab just above the Placeables list and open up
   the Visual Effects section, you should see the three new flame
   placeables, just waiting to spice up your lava.
   Sounds - To complete the effect, make sure to use plenty of sounds. Go
   to the Paint Sounds palette (just to the right of the placeables one)
   and open up the list of Nature sound effects. There are several Lava
   sounds there, and the Pool, Pillar, Fire and Bursts ones in particular
   are good for getting the right ambience for a magma area. Water Pool
   Small and Stream Cave Tunnel are good choices for water pools. Rock
   Crumble Large and Small and Wind Gust Cave (found in the Weather
   section) are effective at making players feel even more precarious as
   they walk through Pit areas. The sounds should be placed on the surface
   of the liquid (or on top of rocks in the pit tiles), and usually it's a
   good idea to increase the Cutoff Distance of the sound so that it's
   audible over a wider area. This can be done from the Positioning tab of
   the Sound Properties window for your sound effects. To save time, you
   can Edit Copy the standard Lava sounds and create your own version with
   the range and height you want (20.0 and 0.0 generally works quite
   well).

                                     FAQ

   Why does your hak pack foul up all my placeables?!?
   The GestaltCaves hak pack includes a placeables.2da file, which may
   cause problems if you're using multiple hak packs in your module. If
   you don't want to use my new flame placeables, you can remove this from
   the pack or simply move my pack to the bottom of the Custom Content
   list. If you do want to use my flames, just copy and paste the three
   entries from the bottom of my placeables.2da file and add them to the
   bottom of your own and everything should work fine. If you still have
   problems, you can e-mail me at the address below.
   Why can't I place water, lava and pit terrain tiles next to each other?
   Unfortunately this would require the creation of several new tiles from
   scratch, which is beyond the scope of this hak pack. You can use all
   three terrain types within the same area, but you'll need to keep them
   separated from each other with wall or floor sections.

                                   Credits

   Zoligato's [1]NWN Viewer was used to extract the necessary files from
   Neverwinter Nights and then repackage my modified versions as a hak
   pack.
   The NWN Model Compiler by [2]Torlack was used to decompile BioWare's
   cave tiles and recompile the edited versions.
   Chanteur's [3]ITP Tool was used to edit the ITP file to get the new
   terrain types and tile groups working in the editor.
   Windows Wordpad was used to edit all of the tiles. No, seriously.

            feedback, suggestions and bug reports can be sent to
                          [4]john-bye@ntlworld.com

References

   1. http://nwvault.ign.com/Files/other/data/1026158289673.shtml
   2. http://www.torlack.com/
   3. http://nwvault.ign.com/Files/other/data/1029208648677.shtml
   4. mailto:john-bye@ntlworld.com
