                    Gestalt's Customisable Home Interiors
                            by John "Gestalt" Bye

   Neverwinter Nights' City Interior tileset has a bug in it which makes
   most of the 2x2 home interior groups look exactly the same. Rather than
   simply fix this bug to make all of the tile groups look as BioWare had
   intended them to, I decided to change the way those tiles work
   entirely. You can now place upper and lower floor home tiles as a
   terrain type, mixing and matching them as you please.
   Your home interiors must still be 2x2 tiles in size, but you are no
   longer limited to a handful of preset interior layouts. Eight different
   upper floors are possible, and a vast variety of lower floors. Create a
   single storey house interior with no staircase, make an extended study
   with an extra set of bookcases, or make a cellar kitchen with a
   staircase but no door. It's like a visit from the Changing Rooms team,
   but without the pastel paints and gaudy wall hangings!

                  How To Use The Tileset In Your Own Module

   1 - Select Module Properties from the Edit menu in the toolset. Click
   on the Custom Content tab at the far right and then use the drop down
   list at the bottom of that page to select the hak pack "gestalthomes".
   Once you've selected it, click on the Add button next to the list.
   2 - Click OK, and a warning message will pop up telling you that "you
   are about to change the list of Hak Files used by this module". Click
   Yes to continue, and a "Build Module" window should pop up with
   (hopefully) the message "no errors found" in the results box.
   3 - Click Done. Congratulations - you have now added the Gestalt Homes
   hak pack to your module!
   4 - Create a new 2x2 area and select Home Interior from the list of
   tilesets. To make a lower floor for your home, simply select the new
   "Home - Lower" option from the terrain list and click in the middle of
   your area. A 2x2 home should appear. Because the tiles for each corner
   of the room are picked randomly, you may find that you don't have a
   door or you have multiple staircases or some other odd combination of
   tiles. To fix this, simply select erase and click on the tile you want
   to change, and keep clicking until a tile you like appears.
   5 - To make an upper floor for your home, DO NOT use the "Home - Upper"
   terrain type. Doing this will make a completely random 2x2 set of upper
   floor tiles, and as most of the tiles have bits which overhang the tile
   edges this will end up looking very odd. Instead, select one of the two
   "Upper Floor Bedroom" tile groups. This will place your choice of 2x1
   master bedroom (one stretches the full length of the tile group, the
   other has a small storage room at one end of it) and create two random
   upper floor tiles to the side of the bedroom. You may find that there
   is a second bedroom where the staircase should be and vice versa. If
   this happens, simply select Erase and click on those tiles until you
   get the ones you want. DO NOT erase the master bedroom or the toolset
   will replace it with two random upper floor tiles!

                                     FAQ

   Why can't I make bigger homes?
   The original Home tile groups were all 2x2, so there aren't any flat
   wall sections for the Home terrain types, only corners. Because of this
   it's impossible to create a room which is any size other than 2x2
   without making some entirely new tiles. I may do this in the future if
   there's enough demand, but for now you will have to limit your home
   interiors to 2x2.

                                   Credits

   Zoligato's [1]NWN Viewer was used to extract the necessary files from
   Neverwinter Nights and then repackage my modified versions as a hak
   pack.
   The NWN Model Compiler by [2]Torlack was used to decompile BioWare's
   cave tiles and recompile the edited versions.
   Chanteur's [3]ITP Tool was used to edit the ITP file to get the new
   terrain types and tile groups working in the editor.
   Windows Wordpad was used to edit the SET file.

            feedback, suggestions and bug reports can be sent to
                          [4]john-bye@ntlworld.com

References

   1. http://nwvault.ign.com/Files/other/data/1026158289673.shtml
   2. http://www.torlack.com/
   3. http://nwvault.ign.com/Files/other/data/1029208648677.shtml
   4. mailto:john-bye@ntlworld.com
