Round Tiles for Castle Tileset v1.4 by YellowLab
http://nwvault.ign.com/View.php?view=Hakpaks.Detail&id=2505


Have you ever noticed that traveling through the vast castles of NWN you encounter square room 
after square room after, well you get the idea.  Velmar gave us a tower interior that broke 
that mold and this is merely an extension of that - round tiles for the castle tile set.  
Now you can create that tower in your castle and you are no longer hampered by square dining rooms.  
This hak pak includes twelve new tiles (and their map images) to add these circular beauties to 
your own humble abode.  The tiles include a standard tile, an empty tile, stairs up and stairs 
down for each of the three major floor sets (rich, library, and stone).  These have been designed 
as a feature set and as such no corridors can enter them.

All tiles use standard Bioware textures.  This is an add-on to the standard castle tileset and 
includes a modified .set and .itp file.

Instructions:
Unzip, add yl_roundcastle.hak file to your NWN/hak directory.  Open up the Aurora Toolset, 
add the yl_roundcastle hak to your custom content (under the edit menu -> module properties -> custom content tab).  
If you would like to use Pasilli.s new .set file, which allow for doors, you can either put the 
yl_roundcast_ADD hak into your NWN/hak directory, add this one to your module (edit menu -> module properties -> custom content tab) 
with a higher priority.  Or you can extract the .set file and recombine it into the original 
yl_roundcastle.hak file, overwriting the existing file.

Issues:
There aren't many and they are small, but bug me.  If anyone has any hints on how to fix them please 
let me know.
1) The map image colors for the stone and rich tiles are slightly off.  Your map may have a slight 
checkerboard appearance to it.

VERSION 1.4 ADDS CLEANER MINIMAP IMAGES - THANKS RICK BURTON!

2) The staircases up / down do contain a doorway, but interesting and unintentional things happen 
if a door is placed there. You can see the door open into space.  So, I took out that ability as 
cool as it was.  In order to use the doorways you will need to either place a peaceable door in 
the doorway (they should fit, and they open in rather than out) or use a trigger on the staircase.  
No biggy, but extra work on your part - sorry.

NOW WITH DOORS! Thanks Pasilli.

3) I found one interesting shadow issue that I can't figure out.  Sometimes when you are on the top 
of a staircase, your shadow will project through the doorway and be super big on the other side.  
It seems to only happen in a very small area on the staircase.  But I have also gotten it to happen 
midway up the staircase as well.  But I did notice that the original tiles have some shadow problems 
as well.

Please feel free to use / distribute these new tiles and post comments or issues here on this site.  
But please give credit where it is due.  As such - here is mine:  
A huge thanks goes out to Danmar who lead me on the path to fixing my walkmesh issues.  
Velmar was also a great help in getting started with his tutorials as well as giving us some 
great tower tiles.  
Also, thanks to all for all the wonderful modding tools on the vault and elsewhere.  
They have definitely made this job easier.

YL

Revision History:
Version 1.0 - October 26, 2003 initial release
Version 1.1 - October 27, 2003 fixed issue where there were two stone tiles and no empty stone tiles
Version 1.2 - November 2, 2003 fixed edge issue with empty rich tile.  
                               added Pasilli.s changed .set file which allows for doors.
Version 1.3 - November 8, 2003 fixed visibility of mini-map images to be correct. Thanks to Pogo Mudder for catching this.  
                               If you are using Pasilli.s add-on hak YOU MUST USE THE ONE INCLUDED WITH THIS DOWNLOAD 
                               (the old one won.t work - trust me).
Version 1.4 - January 16, 2004 fixed texture alignment issues with Rich Tiles  
                               fixed texture alignment issue with standard Bio Rich Corner Tile
                               A picture is included showing the issue and the fix
                               added cleaner mini-map icons.
                               Rick Burton supplied me with the cleaner icons and alerted me to the texture
                               alignment issues.  THANKS RICK!
                   

